Oh wow, there's already that.
Well, good evening family. Thank you
for joining us.
That number shot up fast, so you
all
had your notifications on. Thank
you.
We'll get right started and
go over some of the
things that the Lord showed us last time
in prayer,
what we'll be praying for
this evening, and some of the
things that I believe are on my
heart right now.
Braden made that short
little clip
of
all the Cuba
things the Lord had showed me over the
last two and a half years.
I didn't realize that
the Lord had spoken to us over 80 times
to watch
Cuba—over
80 times. Braden didn't put them
all on there
because
I told him I felt in my
spirit to go through all the Cuba and
the Venezuela and really go through it
really close and look through everything
to see if we're missing
anything
and what we've brought out
to the people, because it's
all buried. There are so many videos;
everything's buried. So I said, 'Go
through it,'and it took him days to do
that. Last night he was tired, and I
told him, 'Well, you worked so
hard doing that, we won't do a live
stream.
I'll upload that video and
they can have that for today.'So, that
was interesting.
Braden said
it
was 80 different
videos of different times the Lord
had spoken about it. I thought it
was pretty interesting. It's a
hot topic, in other words.
Usually, when the Lord brings up
something that many times, it's
a major prayer topic.
In fact, I don't think
there's
any time that he's ever
brought up something 80 times; I
was shocked myself.
So, let's go over what we saw last
video, what the Lord showed us. He
showed us great corruption
in other major states other than
Minnesota.
He said to us that there was
major corruption in Michigan,
Ohio,
Pennsylvania,
and
California.
I saw California,
Pennsylvania,
and Boston,
Massachusetts—a
city—but
the Lord brought up Fetterman
and he said corruption.
I was looking, just like
what we saw about Minnesota;
the Lord said there was a deeper level
of corruption in these other states:
Las Vegas,
Ohio, Boston, and Fetterman.
And then
as we were praying,
this jacket's
getting on my nerves. He saw a baby
snake.
I
was
trying to blend in with the
background. It kind of looks good with
what he's been working on.
That's
prophetic;
the Lord showed that to me in a
vision
and Braden created it.
All of the things that the Lord has been
showing us
through the last two years, he's
putting it on there and he made it out
of AI. He's going to add more things
to it as we talk
just for fun.
The Lord's into having fun, too. I
thought it was interesting because as I was
praying, he said, 'Do this for fun.
Create this.'So Braden is making
it. You can see the catfish
and President Trump's boat for the
economy. You can see
the
pig with lipstick on;
he's trying to keep it from going
over. You see the new Watergate
2028's coming with Elon Musk and JD
Vance.
Jerome Powell is looking for a job in
2026.
Weather manipulation in the back with
the tornado.
Putin using a weapon that we've never
seen before back
there—it
looks like a nuclear blast, but it's
not.
Kim Jong-un has the
USSR rocket coming down the Mississippi
River.
Black Swan event with
Emmanuel Macron concerning the Olympics
and Paris;
he's on the black swan riding it.
And then we have Pinocchio down
there, Zelensky with his money all
around him, and he has a big nose
because he's a
liar.
We have the Olympic
skiers going down and the Kremlin
with
the Tomahawk missiles hitting it.
Paris is on fire
and then the rats with the plague are coming
and getting injected. Do you see the
rats down there with the red eyes?
There's a submarine in the
back headed to Cuba
for Russia to go aside with Cuba in
the days ahead.
He's on the edge of Niagara Falls,
about ready
to go over, trying to sustain the
economy of the United States of America.
He's just having fun;
we did our own little thing.
He laughs at it because he just keeps
playing with it, so he's going to add
more stuff as we're talking. You can
watch it and
see the things that he's going to add
that the Lord showed us in a
vision. This
actually came out of my
spirit; everything that's on
here
came out of a vision out of
prayer today.
He said,
'Daddy, this is
why
I saw it. You've got to make it like
that.'So
he has the list of things
that he's going to add to it here in a
minute.
I saw the judges
and the Lord showed me Kim Clement's
face,
referring to the prophetic word that he
said there would be Supreme
Court judges that would step down in the
days ahead.
I know that's a touchy
word for some,
but I saw two
faces—two
major
men—when
I was looking in the spirit, and
then I saw Kim's face. I don't want
to add to or take away from anything,
but I remember the word
Braden played
of Kim saying that there would be
two Supreme Court judges
removed in the days ahead.
I'm just
telling you all, I saw two judges:
the African-American judge and
the one
put in by Ronald Reagan, I
believe,
and then the other one was put in by
George W. Bush.
Kim saw this.
And I think this is interesting because
right after
I was shown the judges, I saw
blessing.
So I was praying into the
prosperity and the blessing. Now, I'm
going to go over some things of what the
Lord warned me about today.
Can you play that, son?
I tried to reach out to
Donné,
but I guess she's really busy.
I wanted to ask her more about this,
what her daddy saw.
Maybe she doesn't know, but
she only knows about what she saw on the
video, just like us. But
here you go.
So, like I
said, I don't add to or take away from
anything,
but I do think it's interesting
that Prophet Kim Clement saw two
judges
in the Supreme Court and the Lord
showed me this man right here,
John Roberts.
I saw the African-American
man—I
don't remember
his name—John Roberts, and then the
other one. Yes, I saw
both of their faces.
Now,
I don't know why I saw their faces, but
I saw Kim's face right after that.
If
you just keep praying into
it, I'm pretty sure
in my mind the Lord is saying
this is what he's saying. But I don't
want to assume
anything;
I'm just human just like you all are.
But I just thought it was interesting. I
saw Kim's face and I saw these two
judges'faces,
and it wasn't three
judges; it wasn't four. It was
two. I thought, 'What's that all
about?'As
we were talking about Fetterman, we
were talking about
corruption in major
states. Now, I realize that they're two
conservative judges,
and it would be the enemy's strategic
plan
to get liberal judges in the United
States of America to go against
the Constitution, whatever they could do
to try to deter our laws.
I want as many conservative judges as
we can have, even more conservative
than these two men are. So,
I don't know. I just thought it was
interesting. Is it an attack against
these two men to pray for them? I
believe so
because they're
conservative compared to the other
ones that are in there,
especially the Democratic ones that were
appointed
by
Obama and Biden.
So,
I don't know, very interesting to me.
The other part was praying
over what else I see. I saw
coiled-up
snakes that were small
snakes,
and the small snakes were coming out of
the states that were blue.
The blue snakes were coming up,
but they were little bitty snakes.
I thought it was very
interesting because it's symbolic of
something.
Do you remember I saw the
bumblebees coming up for Omar?
I saw the red, black, and yellow
bumblebees that were not little bees.
They were like queen bees, and they were
all coming up out of the ground and
they started to swarm her head and sting
her. And the Lord said, 'I'm removing
her.'Does
anybody remember that? I said her
days are numbered. That was clear back
before the drama started,
back
in November.
The Lord showed us that, and
then I saw Mike Lindell's face.
Well, that same week,
he announced he's running for
governor.
Then, in the last video,
the Lord showed us to pray for
General Flynn
for a major voice in the midterm
elections.
I saw again 'impeach, impeach,
impeach'by
Schumer
and the Democratic party in the days
ahead.
They will—and this is how important
it is for the Christian people to
rise up and pray for our nation even
more in the next
months—to
pray for the midterm elections
because we must win.
If we do not,
we have an opportunity to see not only
President Trump removed, but it will be
a very, very serious time for impeachment
and all the things they would try to do.
Now,
they have to have both sides, the House
and the Senate, to do this.
I saw the Senate was in trouble.
The House in the vision remained
under
Republican control,
but the Senate flipped blue.
I
told you that back
last August.
I told you I saw this in a vision last
August. It was last summer.
I said the elections that are
coming up, it's so important
that you pray because I'm seeing it
flipping blue in the Senate in
2026,
and it will be a stalemate government.
But we must have both sides through
prayer
to get the job done
because there's much more work that
needs to be done.
And the Lord put it on
my heart so strong today, even more, to
pray for this nation, to pray for
President Trump to finish what he has
started to do for the end-time move
for the banking
structure
to bring forth digital assets for this
wave of financial blessing that I saw
that
was a thin layer of blessing.
You could see crypto,
gold, silver,
housing,
and
certain cryptos.
The wave was shallow, but as it went to
the ground, it
brought a thin layer of gold that was
upon the ground of the United
States of America. And the Lord said,
'Brandon, fill your pockets full, for it
won't last
long.'I
saw the wave of the blessing,
but it was only for a short-lived time
to get the money around for the great
outpouring that's about to take place on
this planet. That's what I saw was a
major blessing. Kim just spoke about it,
that there would be
fountains of wealth come from
Zion. I believe that's what he said;
the
wealth is coming from Zion. Well, then
we see today that Putin is trying to
bring his oil tanker out of Venezuela
and the United States stopped it.
This goes alongside, I believe, what I
have seen concerning Cuba and a
new alliance trying to form like the
Cuban missile crisis
with whatever this biological
weapon is in the ground
that Russia gives to Cuba.
I saw an attack coming against
Florida.
It happened in the nighttime; it was
dark out. It
came
on the Atlantic side, not the
Gulf.
It was by Miami
and it came off of a boat.
He saw Xi Jinping and
he said, 'How do we do this without
firing a
shot?'Xi
Jinping
was
talking about things, and I saw that in
the last
vision when the Lord was
showing me Xi Jinping. They were all
strategizing,
'How do we bring all this
about?'If
everybody remembers, I saw during
Trump's term what would try to be a
major draft for the United States of
America because of a great war breaking
out in Europe.
I've talked about that a little bit last
time. That was like Saving
Private Ryan. I could see the old
World War II vehicles and things
in Europe, from
England and all these other nations that
were involved in a major uprising and a
major war. North Korea was on
Russia's side.
There were other European
countries that were for Russia also,
and they came out
of the woodwork and they had
alliances coming from the Middle East to
surround this. It was a major war
breakout
when this happened. I saw
the
United States of America—and this is
when
I told everybody they're in a single
file line and they were headed towards Europe—but there were men and women that would be
drafted in this. There were soldiers, women and men,
but it was a draft. There was
a
major
war that broke out.
Does anybody remember that? It's one of
my first visions I had when I came on
here.
The Lord said, 'I'm about to deal
with Gavin.
I'm about to deal with Gavin.
His days are numbered in his position.
His days are numbered.'He said,
'He's had
a stench before my
nose.'I
hear him. I see Gavin's face right
now. An
uncovering of
great corruption
on
multiple levels beyond your
comprehension.
There's a bunch of governors.
I see them. And he said
there's even Republicans, Brandon;
that's what he just said. It's not just
a
Democratic thing.
There's a lot of corruption that's going
to be exposed in the days ahead. I'm
dealing with politics.
Do I say that, Lord, out loud—what I
just saw?
He said because
seedtime
and harvest is accelerating.
What you sow
you'll reap.
And he said the sowers and the
reapers—I've
warned you again—the sowers and the
reapers will go hand in hand.
It won't be a long
time;
it'll be seed, harvest; seed, harvest. I've
said this again.
And it won't be when you sow financial
seeds. It won't be a long time; it quickly
manifests
what you've been
believing for with
multiplied favor
instead of labor.
Favor is what he says.
And you'll see seedtime and harvest
accelerating on all fronts.
And it'll look like judgment,
but it's an acceleration
of seedtime and harvest.
The blessing
and the judgment will go hand in hand.
A right hand, a left hand, a
right hand, a left.
But it's just seedtime and harvest,
exposing darkness in my church,
exposing darkness in leadership in the
church. More to come.
Cleaning of the house.
More to come,
because
the glory,
you know, it'll be like Ananias and
Sapphira
when the glory was there.
When the glory
comes to a certain level
and sin's
in
it,
it deals with it. The glory deals with
it.
He's not holding it back. That's why
with Moses, he had
to—I
see it, Diana—it's like you take off
your shoes; it's holy ground. It's
the glory.
No more refraining from this
level of glory.
The restraint has been
removed.
It's coming down,
the heaviness, but it causes holiness.
The glory causes holiness. It's a
purifier
because he is holy.
God is holy.
There's no dirtiness.
Glory comes out and it cleanses the
body. It cleanses things.
It causes exposing of
things,
repentance,
holiness.
He said about corruption on multiple
levels with Gavin.
That was June 8th, 2025.
So that was just a couple
months ago.
The glory brings purification.
The more the glory comes down
and
the levels of the glory rise in the
church, like it was in Azusa,
it purifies the church. The glory
makes you shine,
and when there's compromise and sin in
your life, it exposes it, like Ananias
and Sapphira.
When the Lord showed me that, I
remember it, and he said, 'Brandon,
there's much corruption in my
church.'There's
levels of
cleansing there, but there's levels of
glory. And what you're asking for is the
greater glory, but there must be a
greater manifestation of
holiness.
How you walk in the glory is love,
but not
having a life of
compromising,
being
lukewarm.
'Be ye separate unto me.
Be you holy as I am holy.'We are only
ever there by the blood. But you
don't return to the very sin
you
left.
You separate
yourself from that sin for a season, then
go
back to it and say, 'It's just grace,
and I can live the way I want to.'Well,
you're
under grace,
brother,
but the sin you said you
were
found
from,
you went back to like a dog eating its
vomit.
And that was what the Lord was showing
me that day.
He said, 'The level of glory
is coming, but a level of purification
is
coming.
And to much is given, much is
required.'So
that's what that was about. But I
saw on that day great corruption coming out
of California,
a lot of corruption in a lot of
leaders. We saw it again last
night, and I had forgotten about this, and
I told Braden, 'Go through videos
through all the prayer times we've had
for the last two years and start looking
for things that the Lord has told us and
bring it
out.'And
he typed certain things in
that search engine and finds it for us.
Now, the other part was
talking about the earthquake that I saw
on the California coastline
that went from San Francisco all the way
up to British Columbia area. And this
was a massive volcanic
eruption in the ocean.
That was something
of
biblical proportions that came up out of
the water.
I saw it bringing a tsunami wave
to Japan.
It was a massive event when it takes
place. This is the same thing that I saw
concerning the coastline of Italy.
We keep seeing these
mega-quakes
and
mega-volcanic
eruptions. We
haven't seen it like that in the natural
like we've seen in the spirit. So
maybe that's prayer stopping it.
All I know is I see these major
events taking place, and I keep
seeing the Ring of Fire being very
active
through
Japan
and
major
activity
by
Alaska and
Anchorage.
So we
just keep praying over it and see
what the Lord has for us tonight.
Did I go over everything?
And you saw them
acid
washing
to try to expunge the
evidence out for all the corruption
that's going on because of this young
man that brought all this out in
Minnesota.
And there were all these other states.
The sheriff's
coming to town. Like Trump said, 'We're
going to come after California
next.'Even
after we brought it up,
hours later, he
has a Truth Social post
saying, 'We're coming for you. We
know that there's greater corruption in
California than what was in Minnesota,
and
we're coming for you,
Gavin.'Our
2026 is going to be—what did the Lord
say?—political
theater.
A lot of political theater will be in
2026. It's
starting out to be that way already.
You
saw
embarrassing moments even for Kamala
Harris.
And the
Lord said
when these embarrassing moments
are uncovered, she will say,
'I wish I wouldn't even have run for
president
because of the things that will be
uncovered.'She
was so embarrassed.
I'm not slandering anybody; I'm just
telling you what I saw in a vision.
Next? And you saw the arrows.
Oh, I saw arrows
coming out of corruption into Ukraine
with money laundering.
When
Elon Musk brought up
the $1.5 trillion of fraud,
I saw $24
billion
that went to secret accounts in Ukraine
funded by taxpayer money for the war.
It was a major arrow, which the Lord said
was a money trail
coming out of Washington
to Ukraine. And then when it hit Ukraine,
it hit a bank, and I saw a representation of a vault
of money.
And then all these
little arrows started coming out of it
and going to secret accounts all
throughout Europe.
Some of them were in Africa, some of
them were in the Middle East, but they all
shot out. And the Lord said, "The bigger
the arrow, the bigger the
corruption."I
saw small little arrows
that were like
a target arrow.
It shot up out of the money and
went to another spot like Indiana Jones.
You know how Indiana Jones, when he would
travel in the movies, would touch
down to certain places and you could see
where he was traveling?
Well, this is what that looked like. It
was a red arrow that touched down to
certain places where the bank money was
going. And the bigger the arrow, the bigger
the
corruption.
I could see politicians'faces behind
the arrows.
Some of them were small arrows. Some of
them were big fat arrows, but the
Lord said that was the level of how much
money was coming out to them—special
interests.
Some of it was going
to laboratories
for
biological,
like Fauci.
I saw labs
for corruption, and there was
one that was $15 million.
I say a lot, don't I?
But
yep, I saw a hundred million dollars in cash and it was connected to a politician. And I told y'all it was Zelensky, and I saw $100 million.
I saw all
this corruption of money. It was $100
bills
and they were all
taking the money from
Ukraine and Biden's administration
giving them so much, and they
were taking that money and
using it for
secret accounts. They knew the dollar
was going down.
They knew the economy of
America was in trouble,
but they were going to make sure that
they wouldn't be in trouble.
There were slush funds; I saw lots of
it.
The Lord said
that he is going to deal with it all.
He's warned us over and over again.
You think they get away with
it now,
and they may think they've gotten away
scot-free, like,
'I got away with
it.'Even
politicians that are not even in
office right
now—I
saw people that were
retired
and are retiring.
The Lord says they've not gotten
away with it.
None of them have.
They'll stand and give an account for
everything.
Hell's hot.
And
you
may think you get
away with corruption in your churches,
doing wrong with the church's finances.
You do
bad with the church's money. You do bad
with offerings. You do bad with the
tithe of the people that work hard and
give.
But there's a judgment that's coming
for that. You say, 'Oh, but it was
so innocent.'But the Lord said, 'Oh,
no. I see what you do
with
everything.
I see how you handle things. I see
how you squander and you do things with
it.'And
he said, 'Brandon,
they may think they've gotten away with
it
in the earth,
but they'll hold an account.'Even
pastors—to whom
much is given, much is required. And
the sex scandals and
all the things that are going on with
abuse of power,
taking the glory. I'm telling you, ladies
and gentlemen,
I saw it all coming to a head in
2026.
All of it was coming to a sharp
point.
We're at a time like we've never seen
before,
and things are going to
accelerate.
We're at the point of no return.
2026, 2027, and 2028 will be years
like—I'm
telling you, it's going to be
shakings.
So,
I know I repeat myself a lot,
but
there's always a new face.
But I'm excited about the outpouring of
the spirit of God.
I'm excited about the hunger of the
people.
There's 7,400 of you here
right now at
ten
after five, five after ten, or whatever
it
is—seven
after
ten.
So we will pray tonight and we
will—Are
you going to add some more things
real quick? Yeah, I'm trying to.
I didn't want you to do it when I'm
praying to distract him from praying.
So,
okay. Yes,
it's time. I want to be real serious
at that time. So if you want to add
something, you can add something real quick
and I'll wait on you.
It's something fun for them. But he
worked hard on this. Yeah, it's a
combination
of—I
was
trying to add the one guy,
Benjamin Franklin.
The new industrial revolution. Then you
have to add Schumer. Yes.
Okay, you can go.
Well, Father, we just thank you, Lord,
for another great day today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
weather that we had that
is
beautiful outside
where we are.
We're so grateful, Father, for the
health that you've given us.
money and
that
we're able to eat and
have our bills paid. And we're so
grateful, Father, that we have
jobs. And Father, we're so grateful
for the people that are
believing for jobs and even believing
for food.
We believe, Father, that you're the
great provider and you always take care
of us.
There's so many people with so many
needs. Always, 'Brandon, pray for me for a
new job in 2026. Pray for me
to be out of
debt.'There's
so
many people that are dealing with
depression right now. There's so many
people that are dealing with
self-harm. I was at a place today
and I pulled into the drive-thru.
I always try to be a witness to the
people behind there that are taking my
order. And I said,
'Where have you been?'I was
talking to this young girl.
I always see this darkness on her.
And I said, 'Are you okay? I
haven't seen you in a couple days?'She goes,
'Well, I hurt
myself.'I
said,
'You hurt
yourself?'And
she had taken a knife and cut her
wrist all up.
It took my breath.
I said, 'Oh,
God.'I
said, 'Seriously,
what causes somebody to be
hurting
so bad
that you cut your arms all up with a
knife?'Stitches
all over her from
cutting herself up. And I
just thought,
'The world is hurting so
bad.'My
little girl was sitting in the back
and she said, 'Oh, daddy, what did she
do?'Trying
to explain that to my 10-year-old
was the hardest thing ever. I
said, 'You know, honey, she tried to end
her
life.'In
that time,
you don't want to slap people with
religion because they're hurting so bad
already. Don't
just hit
them in the head with the Bible,
but just love them with your
words and love them where they are
and just pray for them.
You're reaching out and you're just
like, 'Oh my
goodness.'It
took my
breath.
When I saw all her blood marks and
all the stuff from her cutting herself
up, I just
thought, 'My God,
what level are people going through
right now?'Whenever you email me
and you say, 'I'm having these hard
times. Will you pray for
me?'and
in my world, I have so much the Holy Ghost
because
I've cultivated an atmosphere in my
house,
when I relate and I see somebody
like that,
I go, 'There are people that are
so broken.'They need Jesus.
And I thought,
if they only knew how much he loves
them,
if they only knew how much he loves you
and how much he wants a relationship with
you more than you want a relationship with
him.
But the devil has blinded the eyes of
the unbeliever,
making you feel that there's no hope for
tomorrow.
There's no hope, there's depression, and
'I just got to cut, I want to end my
life.'But
do
you
realize—I
remember wanting to drive off a
bridge. I remember thinking there was no
hope
and I went to a missionary named Ronald
in Crescent, Oklahoma,
and he cast the devil out
of me.
And
I
know what it's like to be
bound by depression to that severity.
And that's whenever I see these messages
and people tell me you're dealing with
seasonal depression
disorder and so many different
anxieties and you can't sleep and
you're so scared and you've got
demonic stuff going on in your house and
you're hearing voices and you're
telling us that you have
pictures flying off the wall or you've
got doors opening up. You've got a
demonic spirit in your house.
And that's why you need to know who you
are and your covenant of Jesus Christ
and what he did for you and anoint your
house with oil and plead the blood over
your bed and over your dreams and know
that Jesus Christ set you free by the
blood of the lamb and by the word of
your testimony. And you don't have to be
tormented by this.
We're here for you. We pray for you.
But it is even with finances and people
are so desperate for so much.
I know that the president says the
economy is
not bad, but I get the emails
that say otherwise.
Oh,
we can't make you even pay. We got
$12, Brandon. I only got
this $5 left
and I go, "Oh,
I remember being there at that
point."And
my heart goes out for every single
one of you. But how I got through it was
sowing and believing
you. Nobody wants to hear that. Big people
get mad when you talk about money. But
that's what we did.
We sowed our way out of even if it
was just a dime.
And I did it by faith. I staggered not
at the promise of God and I asked him
for ideas to help me.
And when it was depression, I went and I
started going around church groups and I
needed help and they helped and
I got help. I didn't sit behind a
computer screen and feel sorry for
myself. I went out and how desperate.
How bad is your want to change?
How desperate are you?
Do
is it bad enough that you'll do
whatever it takes?
Oh, well, you know, I'm just kind of
passive. I'll just go kind of by with
whatever will be
will be.
No,
you have to have that fighter mentality,
especially for what I've seen coming.
How bad is your want to?
How bad do you
want change in your life?
The word of God will change you from the
inside out.
The Bible says that you will know the
truth and the truth of God's word will
set you free.
And I understand sometimes there's
hormone imbalances and some people go
through hormone things
and I'm not always trying to say
it's a devil.
There are hormone imbalances. There
are
things that are going on with people's
minds that are
chemicals from us eating stuff
and
our food.
There's things that are disorder from
eating stuff
that is bad because they tame our stuff
with all kinds of bad stuff and GMOs
and I get that.
I don't say there's a devil behind every
bush.
And I don't know how many times people
told me Megan had a demon,
my little girl, when she had
autism.
You know that's a devil, Brandon.
He
opened the door through sin.
Has to be. And there's a devil behind
it. And I'm telling you, you got to get
that devil cast out of her.
Did it, done it, tried it
more than once.
Fasted and prayed for
I can't even tell you until I felt like
I was going to die.
I was little back then.
Dian
and I both.
And people always have some kind of
Holy Ghost cure of what you're doing
wrong.
And I'm not here to try to poke at you.
I'm just here to try to
love on you, and tell you, listen, God's
got a plan for your life.
As I saw that young girl today, and
my heart and my little girl, it
made me it wow.
The reality of your reality.
When I see it,
all I want to tell you is this. God has
a plan for your life.
And it's so much more than what you're
living right now.
Kim Clement always said, "I'm
somewhere in the future and it looks a
lot better than it looks right
now."I
love that.
God has a plan for you.
And it's not some kind of cliche
Christian thing.
I get so tired of the
religious
religiosity
or whatever you want to call it.
Keep it and shut up.
Don't you I get so tired of sister
clipboard trying to tell me something.
Shut up.
You know,
until you've lived it, don't come over
here trying to preach at me. You know,
I get that.
I like being real with folks,
but I can tell you because I've been there
on that side of it. I never did anything
physically to myself, but I was
down in the depths of the pit and
thought that I wouldn't be able to get
out of it.
And the devil's yelling as loud as he
can, "Kill yourself. Do
something."You
got all these thoughts and this
bombardment and all this depression and
you're feeling I can't even wake up
and I don't even want to get out of bed
in the morning
because of the pressure of life.
And you wake up and you're thinking, is
the
nightmare from yesterday over? And
you go, "No, I'm still living
it."I've
been there.
So, what I'm trying to tell you is
tonight I want to pray for you.
I say all that to tell you I'm trying to
listen. She say you're not alone.
As a young girl that I ran into today,
you're not alone.
I don't know why you do what you did,
but you're not alone.
I
take communion with you today. You
take communion with me. When you get
real with God, God will become real to
you.
Stop being religious.
Have relationship with Jesus Christ
tonight.
Yield yourself to him
and come just as you are.
Nobody's holy enough. Nobody's
righteous. He makes us righteous.
What I'm trying to say, don't go back
like a dog to your vomit.
Don't keep practicing what you did. You
open
the door for the devil to come in
and rob you.
Be you holy as he is holy is what I'm trying
to ask you to do. You do it by
faith. If you do it day by day and you get
in this word and the word will change
you from the inside out.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you
need.
Maybe like depression, maybe
poverty or some kind of
lust or I don't know.
You might be some kind of,
you know, you're
perverse
all the time. Bad.
Chill. Get in the word.
And God's got this.
I'm not trying to be I'm just trying to
be real with you.
I want to pray for you
today, though.
And I want to believe God for your
miracle today.
I want to believe God that
there's an expiration date to your
problem tonight.
That you're not going to take this into
any more of your life like I saw today.
That
you don't keep repeating the same
mistakes and keep doing the same thing
expecting different results.
Change the course of your ship tonight
by putting Jesus on there and letting
him steer it.
Stop trying to do everything yourself
and find this beautiful book that he
gave you and look at it as it's real and
it's alive and get it down inside your
heart and it will change you from the
inside out. Well, it's a boring Bible.
It's old. It's not relatable
anymore. Find a version of the Bible
that's more relatable to you then. If
King James doesn't float your boat,
find something that will minister to
you.
It doesn't have to be King James. Find
a version of the Bible that you grab
a hold of and go, "Hey, this is the
message or whatever."And you read it
and go, "Hey, I can relate with
this."At
least you're feeding
your spirit life.
Stop being so religious.
Be more about relationship tonight.
So, I want to take this communion. I know
that there's somebody out there that I'm
talking to probably out of the
7,600 people here. And if not, pray for
the ones that I'm talking to.
If you've got all your stuff together
and everything's awesome, remember
there's a lot of people that come on
this channel that are really hurting.
And pray for your brothers and sisters.
Don't go through, well, I've got all this.
You're not talking to me. You're wasting
my time. No, there's a
lot of people I'm getting the emails
that need help
and they're not being taught the word of
God at church.
They're going and getting a lukewarm
message
with skinny jeans and fog machines with
all of the entertainment
they get, and they're getting a
watered-down gospel and they're not
knowing how to stand with a backbone
like a crowbar in these last days.
They're seeing the signs of the times
coming and unfolding all around them and
they're freaking out and they're going,
"What do I
do?"Shame
on you, pastors.
You're going to be held accountable for
it.
You must tell the people where we are
and teach them the word.
No more itching ears. We're past that
point.
Father, we just thank you for
every person
that is represented here tonight.
We're so grateful that they would
want to spend their time with us.
Father, I pray for every single one of
them that they may be down and out,
broke, busted, and disgusted. They may
be on their last dollar. But God, I know
that in your word you said, "My God
shall supply all my needs according to
his riches and glory by Christ
Jesus."And
you've never seen the righteous
forsaken
nor
the seed begging for bread.
I believe that tonight, Lord,
you're the God of the turnaround.
And what the devil meant for bad, you're
able to turn it around for good.
Every single person that's
represented here tonight, whether it's
something very small or something
that seems overwhelmingly
impossible, I believe that you're the
God of the turnaround and make the
impossible possible;
that you are the God of Abraham, Isaac,
and Jacob, Shadrach, Meshach, and
Abednego, but you're the God of Brandon
Biggs or whoever is watching this right
now.
It's personal. Make the Bible personal
to you.
He may be the God of Abraham, Isaac, and
Jacob, but he's the God of Diana
Biggs, Brandon Biggs, and Braden Biggs,
and he's the God of whoever's behind
this, of Tyrone.
You understand?
Make God personable
to you. What is your circumstance?
Father, we thank you, Lord. Father,
we lift up the body and we thank you,
Lord, that you became sickness for us.
You became disease for us. You became
mental torment. You became poverty. You
took it all.
And we thank you, Lord, that Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Galatians: Christ has redeemed us
from the curse of the law. And we
believe, Father, that tonight is the
night of our expiration date for what
we've been going through. And we
take this body in the name of Jesus
and we lift it before you, Father, and
we thank you for how good you've been to
us
in Jesus'mighty name.
Amen and amen.
It's not religious; it's
a
relationship.
And so I don't have those wafer cups.
Take a potato chip.
Get some water.
Brandon, I don't have communion.
Get a Ritz cracker.
Get a Cheez-It. Jesus knows your
heart.
I only got these because all the people were
sending them to me in the mail because they
didn't like me taking them with a potato
chip.
I was thankful. I think we got
over 4,000 communion wafer cups
in the mail.
4,000
of them. Everybody
said,
"I
want
to take communion;
have
everybody taking communion with me for a long
time."We
added them up.
Diana goes,
"Brandon, never take communion with a
chip on the channel ever
again."I
said,
"Okay,
I'm thankful for every one of you.
God bless
you."Thank
you, Father, for the blood.
We make much, we give
much to the blood, and the blood makes
much of us.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Father, for all that
you've done and all that you're going to
do.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed and
whole and well in the mighty name of
Jesus.
And we take this blood and we take it by
faith and we lift it up before you,
Father. And I thank you
for all that you've done for us.
Amen and amen.
We're delivered. We're set free. We're
whole. We're well.
And tonight's a night for a brand new
start for a lot of us.
Tonight's a brand new start. Father,
we know we can't do this on our own.
And just like a child that comes to the
father with a broken car or broken toy and
says,
"Daddy, would you fix
it?"I
can't fix this mess.
I can't keep living this way. I
can't keep doing this.
I need you to fix this car. I need you
to fix this life.
I need you to touch me.
And I want you to become real to me
and meet me right where I'm at. Holy
Spirit, we invite you into our life.
Fill me with the Holy Ghost
to overflowing with speaking in tongues.
Fill me right now with the baptism of
the Holy Ghost and the evidence
of speaking with other tongues.
Touch my lips with fire. Father,
touch my mind. Touch my heart. Touch me,
God. And create in me a clean heart that
I might not sin against you. Lord, help
me.
Touch me with fire tonight. Lord,
wash me new.
And I take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.
He sure loves you.
He sure loves all of us.
For God so loved the world
that
he gave his most precious gift,
Jesus,
that whosoever will believe in him
should not perish, but all have
everlasting life.
We believe that. Who are you? A whosoever.
I'm a whosoever.
Braden's a whosoever.
I am a whosoever.
I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see.
Before we get to praying here, if
you're here tonight and you've
never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord
and personal savior
and you're watching this right now and
you're feeling this, "Man, I'd
like to know Jesus.
Would you accept me into his
kingdom?"Yes.
But I want to tell you, there's a lot of
you that are watching right now that are
not born again. There
are
even backslidden preachers on here.
You're not living right.
You've been preaching behind the pulpit
and you're in sin.
I feel it in my heart tonight. There's
one or two of you for sure.
And you've been preaching behind the
pulpit and you're living
a
bad lifestyle
when the congregation's not
watching
and you know you're doing bad. You're
looking at stuff on the internet you
shouldn't be looking at.
I see it right now by the spirit of God.
And you need to close that door
right now and walk away from that trash.
Friends, walk
away from
looking at stuff that is trash
online.
And Jesus Christ wants to set you free
from that lust.
He wants to set you free from that.
Stop looking at that trash. Your
wife doesn't deserve that.
Honor her.
Close the door to sin. Close the door to
this demonic spirit that's grabbed a
hold of your mind
and tell it to get off in
Jesus'name.
Stop it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
tonight's the night for them to come
home.
Now, if you're here and I'm speaking to
you and you feel that tugging on
your heart and you're saying,
"Brandon,
I want to be saved.
I want to turn from this stuff right
now. I don't want to keep going down
this road. I don't want to go to hell. I
don't want to keep going down this way
of destruction. It's going to cost me my
marriage. It's going to cost me a lot
more than my kids.
I don't want to keep going down this
road."I
want you to put in the comments
section right now, "I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night to turn away from
this and I want a fresh, clean
start."Jesus
was bold about his dying for
you in front of everybody.
Now, you be bold tonight in telling us,
"Hey, I want to be saved. I want to give
my heart to Jesus Christ. Tonight's my
night. I'm coming home.
I don't want to live this
anymore."And
if you're here tonight and that's
speaking to you,
this might be your last opportunity to
get it right.
This might be your last opportunity. You
might be on the verge of dying in your
sleep and you don't even realize it.
It's appointed unto man once to die and
after that's judgment.
If you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity?
Confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal savior. Turn from your sins.
You say, "Well, I already know
Jesus,"but
does he know you?
He said, "I
never knew you,"but I laid hands on
the sick, Lord. I preached your gospel
every Sunday, sir.
"Savior,
I preach, I laid hands on the sick
and they recover. I
cast out devils in your name. I
raised the dead in your name.
Depart from me; I never knew
you."Does
Jesus Christ know you? Are you
intimate with him?
So, I'm just going to say a simple
prayer for you right now.
And I want you to be that prodigal
and run home to Jesus with his arms wide
open right now. All 7,700
of you,
if you're here tonight, make your
decision boldly
before we jump in the river and start
praying. I want you to jump in the river
with me and be on the right side of it.
Don't play church no more.
It's time. We're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is standing at the door,
ladies and gentlemen.
You're running out of time. It's time to
come home.
So, if you're here right now, I want you
just to say it. I'm going to say this
simple prayer real quick.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of
God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on
this world. I turn my back on the sin.
I turn my back on the devil.
And I dedicate my life to you from
now on.
I'm sold out to you. I'm all in.
I thank you, Lord, that tonight I have a
fresh, clean start.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life.
I thank you, Lord, that you
are now the captain of my ship.
And I thank you, Lord, that you have
forgiven me.
I belong to you
from this day forward. Lord, I love you
and I thank you, Lord, that you've made
all things new.
Amen and
amen."That's
it.
Now, if you said that prayer and you
meant it with your whole heart,
I believe you just got on the right
road. Everything's going to be
better. It's going to start getting
better from now on.
And you're going to come here and pray with me
and you're going to get back in the Word
like you should be. And if you're a new
believer tonight, get in the Word.
Find a Bible that you understand and
read it
and come here and pray with us. Go to a
non-denominational church and get
water baptized. If you
find a good Baptist church, that's all
right, too. My dad was
very
Southern Baptist, but I say go and
get water baptized. Get plugged in
there: Sunday school, whatever they've got.
Learn about the Word of God and what
you've done today to ask Jesus Christ to
be your Lord and personal savior. And
welcome to the family. I don't know how
many of you—if there was anybody that
gave their heart to Jesus
Christ—but
if you don't have a Bible,
you can email us in the description
below and we'll give you a Bible
free. We're a little behind.
We're going to get caught
back up. I apologize for the delay
for the Bibles being delivered to you,
but my wife is doing the best she can
with all we've got on us, and we're going
to get these Bibles out to you. We
promise. All 67 of you, welcome to the
family.
We're excited you came tonight. And
everybody in the chat, get excited for
them. They gave their heart to Jesus
Christ. We rejoice because
67 people gave their heart to
Jesus Christ tonight. And we rejoice with
every single one of you
that
gave—you're
all in. So,
welcome to the family. All right. Well,
who wants to go tubing?
I've already been over an hour, but the
Lord said do that. So,
we'll pray for about an
hour or so, right? Let's pray for about
an hour.
Who wants to go tubing?
I always call it the Holy Ghost River.
That's why we call it tubing. Anybody
who
wants to know why I call it that is
because we go down in the South; a lot
of people go down tubing on the Red
River and all these other places and
they get a big inner tube and
they just go down the lazy river, but
we call this the Holy Ghost River and we
call it tubing. That's why it's fun for
us.
Did you get anything uploaded
they can see before we go tubing?
Braden,
that's what they did.
You put Schiff on a donkey,
bro.
I
was not
expecting
that.
You're a funny kid.
He said, 'Impeach,
impeach.'Do
they see it? No. Let them see it.
Oh, Braden.
He's going off the edge
of Trump.
That was funny. He's
a
donkey.
That's funny.
We have too much fun.
That works.
He needs a tail, though. I don't want to
see a tail.
Oh,
yeah.
Oh, its tail is tucked under its leg. Just
read.
Yeah, it needs it
fixed.
Okay,
that's pretty funny. Impeach, impeach.
He needs it three times. Good. They
said it three times,
right? Impeach, impeach.
I heard him say it three times, which I
know is symbolic for something.
And you covered up Putin's
submarine. No, it's
fine, buddy. You did great. I love it.
Yeah,
we'll just keep it like that. Keep
adding to it.
Next, put all the crypto and all the
things on there. The ones that'll be fun
for a finale:
the coins.
Now, if I put it on there, it's
not financial advice. I'm not telling
you to buy, sell, or trade anything,
okay? But if I put the five pillars in
there, it's just me and what the Lord has
showed me... what things that I thought,
what the Lord has told me.
I don't know if you should do that. If
not,
it'd be fun to put some things
in there like that.
Like I said, it's not financial advice.
I'm not a financial
adviser.
This is for entertainment purposes only.
So, ready?
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the
river. We just flow down. If
there's anything you want us to see
tonight, if there's anything you want us to
show, show us,
Father. We're always in the right place
at the right time, doing exactly what
you've asked us to do in these end
times.
Thank you, Father, for your blood. Thank
you, Lord, for your mercy. Thank you, Lord,
for how much you loved us that you gave
your life for us, that we walk in
victory.
And we go from glory to glory to glory. Never be the same. Never be the same. We go from glory
to glory to glory.
Never be the same.
You know what?
I
feel it in my hands. I feel it in my
feet. I feel it in my walk. I feel it in
my talk. I feel it all over me.
I got it.
I got it. I got it.
Something about that Holy Ghost I can't
explain. But I got it in my hands. I got
it in my feet. I got it in my walk. I
got it in my talk. I got it in my hands.
I got it in my feet.
It's old school.
Something about that Holy Ghost I can't
explain, but I got it.
I got it.
I got it all over me.
I was looking for it.
I had
the
A.A.
Allen buddy.
Oh, the one you sent me.
Yes. You still have it? Yeah.
I'm going to
listen to it.
So maybe it gets because
coming—I'm
trying
to—that
was very heavy.
What's this one?
They're still
heavenward.
Play that.
Can you play that? Amen
and everything
that pleases
the Lord.
Okay, play that.
Turn it up so I can hear it, too.
Funny. They're still laughing about
it. It's funny.
It's
not in the background, though, because I
also kind of want to distract
it.
Play it.
Stretch your hands to heaven. Rejoice in
the Lord. Praise him.
The Bible says, 'Let everything that
has
breath
praise the
Lord.'Amen.
Let everything
that has breath
praise the Lord.
Praise him
on the ten-stringed instrument.
on the organ.
Praise him on the stringed
instruments.
Praise him on the cymbals.
Yeah.
Here's Brother Gene Martin
and
the Miracle Valley Choir
to
sing praise
him.
I
can
give
you
my
feeling.
My heart, my hand. My
heart, my hand.
He's alive, I know
He's alive. Why
not keep
Him
alive? One
more
day.
One more
You're
in my
heart,
in my heart.
He's not
there.
He's not there. He's not there. In my feet,
in my heart,
in my
mind.
You
feel—we
drive around playing that really
loud in my car
and will pull up at a stoplight with
the windows down and you ought to see
the looks we get.
It is fun.
I
enjoy that. Paisley
is
in the back
dancing, and
I have it turned up loud.
We just try to enjoy life. It's
good stuff. I love that choir,
AA
Allen.
It's good stuff, man. I love it. And he
leads worship well. I don't
know what his name is, but he
is good.
Father, we just thank you, Lord. God's
not dead; he's still alive.
I feel him in my hands, I feel him in my
feet, and I feel it in my walk.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord,
that you undergird President Trump
tonight.
We thank you, Lord, for your protection
over our nation
with all the major decisions. As he is
walking through this valley of decision,
we pray over him. We pray over the
decisions.
We thank you, Lord,
through every decision
and
through all the valley of decision.
Father,
we put a hedge around and about him
tonight. Father, we
pray
that he sleeps
soundly,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood of Jesus Christ over President
Trump, his family, his
sons, his daughters, his wife,
and
his cabinet. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that the Supreme Court judges, by
the third of February,
will decide to go along with the tariffs
to boost the economy.
I call forth a mighty wave of financial
blessing over our nation in
Jesus'name.
Father, I pray that it would pour
out over the body of Christ—the ones
that are
listening—that
we would have more than enough. We
call for a reinstatement of the dinar. We
call for a reinstatement of
the currency to flourish in
Jesus'name.
We call forth in the name of Jesus
for crypto to be stable and not be so
volatile.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that stability comes
to
it.
We call certain ones to go over
$5 in Jesus'name. We call that $5 to
come forth
in Jesus'name per coin. We say in the
name of Jesus Christ: it's turning
around and it will provide overflow for
the body of Christ to get the job done.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that you're the
waymaker.
We call those things that be not as
though they were.
Now, like I said, I'm not a
financial
adviser,
but I did see and have talked about
this in a vision before. I don't know
when it will happen, but I saw silver
going over $170 an ounce.
And I've told everybody that in videos
past. Like I said, I saw
this. So, we call for that $170
value
per ounce of silver. Over $170
per ounce of silver in the name
of Jesus. We call it to
go up in value. We call a
major wave of blessing to come over in Jesus'name. And
we call for
gold
to
go over $10,000 an ounce.
We thank you, Lord, for the blessing,
the increase, the
multiplication, and favor in the name of
Jesus. Father, we thank you that you'll turn it
around.
We call forth silver to go well over
$170 an ounce in
Jesus'name.
We call forth gold to go well over
that—10,000—in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that there would be more
than enough extra overflow for the body
of Christ to get the job done.
I thank you, Father.
We're calling it in
right now.
I thank
you, Father, that you're bringing it to
pass.
Lord, you've been so good to us with what
we have already. I think it hit like
$70 or whatever.
Father, we're so grateful for
where it already is. But God, I thank
you that you double it,
then you triple it
in
Jesus'name.
77?
You double it. It's gone down
since
when?
Yes,
today we got...
so Father, we thank you that you double
it, then triple it. 77.
Thank you, Lord.
Isn't that amazing? When the Lord
gave me that word, it was $12 an ounce. Thank you, Father. It's doing exactly what I saw in the spirit. I thank you, Lord, that you're the waymaker and that it will keep going up in Jesus'name. Lord, I know there are pullbacks, dips, and all kinds of things, but we don't move by that; we just keep watching. When it was at $12 an
ounce,
even that number back then
seemed
impossible.
I'm going to be real with you
all.
When the Lord told me 12, I
told Braden that; we were
talking about it while he was behind the
computer
that night. I saw in the spirit:
it was $1,200, and the Lord told
me, '10,000.'How much is
gold?
Gold was like $1,500 an ounce—1,400.
Now
it's at $4,438
an ounce. And the Lord told us at
1,400
it would go to 10,000 one day.
That
was what the Lord
said,
and I've been praying over that
ever since.
Lord, thank you that you do
it.
Even at $1,400 an ounce, that was
crazy high; I thought, 'Man, that's a
lot of money.'But at $4,438,
that's a big jump from 1,400.
I believe
it was
1,440. Maybe $12
for that?
What
is
it?
And we thank you, Lord,
that you'll do the same thing for the
dinar,
the same thing for
certain cryptos,
and
the same thing for everything
else, for
you're the God of multiplication.
Lord, as we watch and see what's
happened,
we're so grateful for what you've
done
already.
We're not taking it for granted, but
we ask you to double it
and
triple it
in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father,
that you're the God of
multiplication—that
you'll take something out of nothing
and
make something out of nothing,
like
the fishes
and the loaves. Father, you're the
God of provision.
Thank you, Father.
You're such a good,
wonderful God.
We thank you, Lord, for creative ideas.
We hear you, Lord.
Father, I thank you that you're
the God of multiplication.
Oh, Father, we give you praise and glory
for it in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father, that it's coming to
pass. We'll be debt-free.
2026 will be debt-free.
2026: debt-free living in
Jesus'name.
How many believe in that? In 2026, you'll be
debt-free.
Whatever
you were in debt,
you'll have that amount liquid in the bank.
Believe that in 2026, whatever
you were in debt, you'll have liquid in
the bank; that's how much you'll be
upright.
So, if you owe $100,000 on
something, you'll have that 100,000 in
the bank as a surplus
after taxes.
I saw in the days ahead
that people wouldn't pay their taxes and
they're going to get in trouble.
Then the Lord warned me and said,
'Give to Caesar what
is Caesar's.'There'll
be rumors on the internet
that the IRS is going away, and the Lord
said, 'This is a setup.'There
will
be a lot of
believers that go along with this,
and I saw them going to jail
because they didn't pay their taxes.
They'll get too far behind
and things will keep
snowballing. I saw a
major snare coming.
I thought that was interesting when
I saw that and gave that word.
Remember, I had it in a dream. The
Lord said the enemy
was going to come after a lot of
believers concerning this.
We thank you, Lord.
I remember it.
I remember seeing that people didn't pay
their stuff and they were in a
lot of
trouble—capital
gains. They didn't pay
their capital gains,
and it was concerning the dinar,
wasn't it?
Yeah. And
the Lord said, 'Don't do
this.'Do
you have that video? This one.
Do you have it? Could you cue it up to
where I said that?
You can play it.
'Window of opportunity
to exchange and get your financial
blessing. And the Lord said,
"Pay your taxes.
Do not try to manipulate
and not pay your taxes."The Lord said
that
they are watching and waiting
to see who would try to be
crooked concerning this. Do not
do this.
Pay your taxes. Do not try to skip and
cheat the government. You will make
a big mistake.'If you spend this
money
and you say, "Well, I'll pay it
later,"you're
going to be in trouble.
They're not going to play with you. I've
seen
brothers and sisters from the body
of Christ that were done with it and
spent it and lost it,
and they came knocking and they asked,
"Where did
the money go?""Well, we spent
it."Well,
guess what?
You went to prison. And I'm telling you,
remember Richard Hatch?
He won the money from Survivor
and spent I don't know how long in
prison for it.
It's not a game. The Lord said, "Give to
Caesar what is Caesar's
and be thankful and grateful for the
blessing that you're about to
receive."Some
of you, this will be all of it,
but some of you, this will be the
beginning of it.
If you're listening,
you will either be in the boat of "this
is startup money to do something
more"or
"this is
my blessing and I'm excited and this
gets me ahead and I'm going to have an
overflow."But
I saw a
windfall
for a lot of families.
Things that you've been believing for
will happen
suddenly.
And when this suddenly happens, it
will happen overnight
in a 24-hour period. Like I've told you, I
keep getting this 24-hour period:
24-hour changes, 24-hour turnarounds,
24-hour shakings, 24-hour awakenings.
I'm telling you, it's in a time of
acceleration.
And when this thing happens with this
dinar, what everybody's believing for,
whatever this is,
this will be a time of great blessing,
but it will also be disappointing for a
lot of you
because you've had this
vision of grandeur, like
hundreds of millions or whatever it is.
I don't know.
I just saw numbers that people were
very disappointed about. Like you say,
"Well, I was expecting $10
million."Some
people are going, "I'm
expecting $20
million,"and
you walk away with a million
dollars. That's a lot of money.
But to a lot of people who had the
idea of having 20 million,
1 million is a big disappointment. Does
that make sense?
So you can't get discouraged about a
million dollars.
There's many of you that
have the grand idea. I've heard
you say, "Well, I'm believing for $20 or $30
million and it's going to change
generations."The
Lord showed me what they're going to
try to do is not give you as much as
what you're believing for. And the Lord
said to me, if you look at it and just
be thankful,
look at it and just be grateful for
whatever you get
and ask the Holy Spirit to breathe
on it,
he would take it to the next level.
There
are
a lot of people that would
teach
that if you just wait
because of what it comes out at, a
so-called
rate,
that you can just wait and become richer
down the road. But I saw it was a trap.
Now you do with that what you want.
You pray about what you're
supposed to do with that. I don't know
what that totally means. I'm telling you
all, I'm a student of crypto.
I study crypto a lot now after the
Lord's been talking to me about crypto.
I pray over it and I said, "Lord,
I thank you for wisdom.
Give me wisdom, Lord, because I don't want
to be dumb about what
I'm reading about."I told
Diana, "Study. I don't want to be dumb.
What is the computer
technology behind this?
Who's involved in this?
Who's the boss of this? And what
are they invested in? Who are they? Brad
Garlinghouse
or whatever his name is, Brad
Garlinghouse.
Who is this? What is
this from XRP or XLM? Who
is this?"Because you
just don't know.
The Bible says to study to show
thyself approved. And just like you go
and you study
to be a doctor or a
lawyer, you need to know what you're
doing. The Lord said this is blood
money.
Many men and women in service died for
this.
There was a lot of sacrifice
for our brothers and sisters in the
armed forces. They gave their life for
Iraqi freedom
to bring forth freedom for the Iraqi
people.
Many of our servicemen and women died
for what is about to happen.
Do not take it lightly, for people lost
their lives for the blessing that you're
about to partake in.
This was very serious.
Many people did not make it
and they suffered and they died for the
cause of this,
for the Iraqi people to have
stability.
He brought it up again today
about the taxes.
It was
February 6th of last year
and he was warning back then.
It's amazing because in our
way of thinking it has to be, "Well,
Brandon, it was a false
promise
because it didn't happen within my
three-week
window."But
the Lord speaks so far in advance to
get you prepared for what's coming.
Pray over this. Pray over this. Pray
over this to get your heart ready.
Don't cheat the IRS and think that
you're not going to pay your capital
gains.
I saw that so strong
in a dream,
and I don't usually have dreams,
and the Lord warned in a dream, "Tell
my people
to give Caesar what is Caesar's,
Brandon,
for in the days ahead
they will say
that
the IRS is going to go away and they
won't have to pay their
taxes."I
don't know what
they're thinking or what they're hearing
on the internet, but
it's interesting
because
he brought it up again today.
I just know that in a 24-hour period
overnight, major
decamillionaires would come about.
He said people that had nothing will
be decamillionaires
overnight.
He said, "The seeds that you've sowed in
the past will come to harvest at
last."And
he said, "That's not even about the
bad seeds, Brandon, that the wicked
have sowed."He said, "I'm a God of the
harvest. I'm going to bring in financial
harvest beyond anything you can
comprehend. There will be
decamillionaires in the near
future."He
said, "Brandon, there will be a transfer
of the wealth from the wicked like it
was when the children of Israel left
Egypt."He
said, "I will bring forth a
harvest of finances on my children as a
sign and a wonder in these last
days."Do
not let go of the seeds
you've
sacrificially sowed. Do not let go of
the sacrificial time that you've given.
He said, "Brandon, I'm
bringing forth great joy. I'm bringing
forth a great harvest. Days of
heaven on earth, fun days are coming for
my body."He said, "The seeds that you've
sowed in the past will come to
harvest."Believe
him for big in 2026.
Believe God for big in 2026. Here we
are. That was back
2024, 2025.
And when you don't see it
within a year and people aren't
decamillionaires in that time frame, you
think,
"Well, that was a false
or
missed
word."No,
he prepares your heart.
It gets down inside
of you. September 30th, 2024, and you keep
believing. You keep praying over it.
You get yourself in alignment with the
word.
How is that going to happen?
It's not going to happen by fraud.
How are you going to get to be a
decamillionaire? It doesn't just show up
in your bank account and you wake up
the next day and all of a sudden
you've
got all these zeros in there and you
spend it. I saw a lady that
did that
too,
and they deposited the money in her
account wrong and she thought it was
hers
and she spent it all and
she's in prison now.
So don't be dumb.
"Well, I just automatically got
a supernatural deposit in my bank account. I
woke up the next day and there was
$50 million in there and I went and
bought me a new
house."Where'd
it come from?
"Well, you know, it just got
deposited."Don't
be dumb. There
are
people that are in
prison because of that.
Put your boat into motion
is what the Lord shows me.
Listen to him and listen again,
and
what you're supposed to be doing.
That's why I say there's too much
charismatic flakiness.
There's a lot of charismatic flakiness,
and that's just not the way it is.
Put yourself in a position to reap a
harvest
by listening to what he's asked you to
do.
Whatever you put your hands to
prospers.
I know God is a God of miracles,
and he might speak to somebody
in the church to bless you,
your boss, or an inheritance,
but that's usually not the
norm.
It's usually not a
lottery. A lot of people say, 'I'm
believing
God for a lottery ticket,'but I
don't believe God's a lottery God.
I don't believe that. God's not a God of
chance; he's a God of seedtime and
harvest. Like I
said, there is
a lot of charismatic
flakiness.
I know this is a different
video. He
saw the
tears, and he was coming close. He
saw
that too.
He
saw
the sacrificial seeds
that people were giving. He took the
seeds and the tears and he brought them
close to him,
and they were precious to him.
I remember that
he grabbed those
tears and the sacrificial gifts
and he held them
close to his heart.
He said, 'These are dear to me,
Brandon.'Father,
we just thank you that
you're bringing it to pass.
Father, this is the time for
breakthrough.
We believe you're
coming.
I
thank you that we're getting ready
for the greatest time the body of Christ
has ever had: days of great fun. The
harvest has just begun,
and we're so grateful, Father, that every
single person here tonight is
believing for big.
Father, you're a supernatural God and a
supernatural body.
You've given us life.
We're here
and you've called us to the kingdom for
such a time as this.
Life is a gift.
Every day we wake up is supernatural.
Thank you, Father.
Well, I didn't really get to get
in the river tonight.
It was kind of
dry,
but
it's always different.
I felt the pull for praying for
the salvations, but I didn't
feel a lot of pull for any other prayer.
I tried
pulling there, but it just keeps
coming to talk about the finances and
believing
God for big.
I guess,
y'all, it's just real. There is no performance
in here.
Like I said,
we just keep tugging along.
How many minutes
has
it
been?
It's gone two hours.
Did you get something out of it? I
don't want
to waste your time,
but I'm thankful for all 8,000 of
you.
I don't make the
gift happen;
I just yield and obey him.
If he wants to say something, he
says it. If not, I'm not going to make
something up.
It's
fake.
If I don't see it, it isn't there.
It's just real.
I'm so grateful that when he does show
me things, I can give
them
to
you.
Driving around today,
I asked,
'Father, is there anything you want to
show
me?'If
not,
I'm at peace.
I'm so grateful, Father, for the
time that we have as a family together
to pray.
And we're so grateful, Father,
that
you're exposing the corruption in
California, and that Gavin will not be
governor over that state
for very much longer.
I thank you, Father, that he is no
longer a politician.
Maybe
he
works at
a
sewer plant; that's a good place for
him.
I thank you
that
you give him a new job
and
that Gavin Newsom's looking for a new
job, Lord.
Maybe
you'll get him saved.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
getting Gavin saved.
We're so grateful for every person
that
is
here tonight. We thank
you, Father, that the politicians
who
are corrupt and evil like Zelenskyy,
their days are numbered and you remove
them.
They stole the taxpayer money, Lord,
and I thank you that they are held
accountable
for all
their stealing and thievery,
from the senators
to the people in the House, from Nancy
to all of them. I thank you, Father,
that they will have a day of judgment
for
stealing our money.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you're cleaning the house of
America,
and that we will have a short
window for a major revival.
So, Father, we call in our unsaved loved
ones tonight from the north, the south, the east, and the west. We call
in
the
laborers across their path. We call them
born again
tonight—our
wives, husbands,
daughters, sons,
grandparents, aunts, and uncles.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
bringing them to Jesus
and
that the eyes of their
understanding would be enlightened
to
see the hope and
the love
that Jesus Christ
has
for them.
We take authority over the demonic
spirits that are blinding them in
Jesus'name.
We call them out of the pit of
hell. We call them born again,
saved, delivered,
and
baptized in the Holy Ghost and
fire.
This is a time like never before.
We've stood and we
continue to
stand.
All there is to do is
stand. Therefore, we're calling in our
unsaved loved ones in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your
hands off of them
in Jesus'name.
We call them born
again,
free,
and
delivered.
We call them healed and
upright before you.
Father, I thank you
for that wealth transfer. I thank you
that you're bringing it to pass at
last.
We call it in,
Father, that we have more than enough.
Our churches are
not
top-heavy with debt. I thank
you that the
mortgages
on our buildings
are
paid off in Jesus'name
so
that our pastors don't
have that stress. They can
sit on the front porch of
the church and rock in a rocking chair
without the care and worry of
a huge mortgage.
They can enjoy their
congregation and pray.
I thank you, Father,
that you provide all our needs. You
take care of the flocks. You
are
the great God, Jehovah.
I thank you, Lord,
that you are Jehovah Jireh.
I call us debt-free this year, Lord.
I call the people of this channel
debt-free.
I call them debt-free in
Jesus'name
over their car payments, houses,
student loans, and doctor
bills. I thank you, Father, that this is a time like never before that we will walk in the abundance that you've desired for us. You said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.'I thank you, Father, that in 2026, we believe it, and the world will sit and wonder and say, 'How did that happen?'How did that happen? Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you, Father, that that's the wholeness: families coming to Jesus and not having bondage of debt. Families all coming in no bondage, healed in their bodies, restored—no diabetes, no heart disease, no high cholesterol and brain problems, Alzheimer's, dementia, Parkinson's disease, and all kinds of things of the brain and the body. I thank you, Father, that this is the year whatever they've been standing for will come to pass in Jesus'name—healed, whole, and well in the name of Jesus. And we believe it. I even believe for my Megan, Father, and I thank you, as many times as I brought her up before you, that Megan is healed, Lord. And that she'll sit right here on this couch and tell everybody of the goodness of God; that she'll talk, Father, this year with full sentences. She's 21 this year. And I ask you, God, for her 21st birthday, that you touch my baby and all those that are believing for just like for Megan—it's all around this world that they never talked at 21 years old. Father, it's not too late. I believe that God, you can turn her life around. Yeah, she may be 21, but Lord, I believe that she'll talk, that she'll sing, that she'll do ministry with us, and that, Father, we'll look back and the storm of life that came will be over. There'll be an expiration
date to her being able to talk.
We believe, Father, there's so many
people out there that have a Megan in
their household that don't
talk.
They're not potty
trained. They don't have all
this stuff going on.
But God, we thank you.
They may have a child with autism.
And we thank you, Lord, that just like
when autism came on Megan and it all
happened, it left. It will leave just
like that. It's going to be over.
It's going to be done.
And we'll look back and we're going to
sit and rock on the porch and give God
praise.
Same with Down syndrome,
with cerebral palsy,
that Father, you're the God that delivers. You're the God that
delivers cerebral palsy. You're the God
that delivers Down syndrome.
You're the God that delivers mental
retardation and handicaps,
apraxia of
speech,
dementia, Alzheimer's, all of
it—dyslexia.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all
brain disorders, all brain traumas, all
things that deal with the brain
are
healed, whole, and well in the name of
Jesus.
And we believe that we receive
in this lifetime
complete restoration over all things,
and it will come to pass. And we call it
to come to pass at last in the name of
Jesus. And we call restoration of
marriages.
We thank you, Lord,
that Father, they may be on their way to
get a divorce right now,
tomorrow, whatever. And Father, that you
bring back that love again—that the
husband is not being
mean and the wife isn't mean, and they're
all getting
along
and they're in love more than
they've ever been.
And Father, you're the God that where
the cankerworm was trying to eat it up,
you rebuke the devourer for our sake.
We believe it.
This is going to be a good year for the
body of Christ.
No matter how much drama I've
seen, Lord, as for me and my house,
we're going to have a good year;
we believe it
in
Jesus'name.
Everybody say,
'Amen'and
'Amen'on
that.
You believe it for your family? I know
it's not a spiritual lottery. It's not
like bingo. We don't have to call out
what you're going through to win the
jackpot. You
just
believe God for what you're believing
for.
I don't have to call out your number.
You call it out.
Believe
him.
Do you understand?
You have to. Your mountain has to hear
your voice,
just like I'm calling my things out
after thousands of times of saying it.
Thank you, Father.
I believe I receive what you have for
me.
It's already done. The finished work of
Jesus Christ is already done. According
to Galatians 3:13, Christ has redeemed
us from the curse of the law. And I'm waiting
for the manifestation right now. It's
here.
I don't maybe see it always in the
natural eye, but I
believe it in my spirit. I'm fully
persuaded.
I'm fully persuaded that what God has
promised, He's able also to perform it.
Be fully persuaded today.
We pray this video blessed you. I
know it's kind of different, but like I
said, I don't have control over the
gift.
When He wants to talk and show me
things, He shows me things. If not, then
I just talk a little bit. I keep trying
to go down the river. And if I don't feel a
pull and
a tug down it, then it's just as
if I feel it's like a cold stove;
then I need to fast and pray more,
obviously, or whatever it is, I just go,
'Okay.'I
just keep going,
but it's just real.
So, we're so grateful for every single
one of you that came tonight. Thank you,
and God bless you. We love you. If you
could like and subscribe. Braden
fixed
that picture. And yeah, they're saying
you should add the cards in the
background. That's fun. That's a
good idea.
Do it. Can you put it on
the road?
Do it. Try it. Yeah, let's do it before
we go. Who wants to see it done? Okay,
that'll
be fun.
I hope the video
wasn't bad tonight.
Like I said, there's no
performance, but at the same time, I
love it when the Holy Spirit shows up
and shows us stuff. I just go, 'Man,
you look forward to what He's going to
show next.'Last time it was the
corruption and the judges and all that.
And I'm like, 'Well, that's kind of
like a
lead
balloon,'but
what do you do with it?
I don't know if you got blessed by
it or not.
They're saying UFOs. Oh, that'd
be kind of neat,
but I love it when He shows me things.
It's neat. I just say, 'Hey, Lord,
it's a
blessing.'And
if He never shows me anything again,
He's still a good God. And it was fun,
wasn't it? I always think, 'Man,
if He wants to show me something again,
maybe if He doesn't—'like I said,
I never know. I just keep praying.
He shows me things and
it's neat when He does. And I'm
telling you, the warnings He's already
given us, He's given us enough already
you can pray about for a long time.
It's not like you go, 'Well,
we're deprived. We don't have nothing.
Lord, what are we going to
do?'Braden,
work with what I give you. Pray over
here.
Father, we pray for every
exposing
of all the things in Cuba.
I thank you, Lord, that they will not
touch America.
I know that there seems to be
provoking, but there's a lot of drug
trafficking and sex trafficking coming
out of Cuba, Venezuela, and Mexico.
And the Lord said He's going to put an
end to this.
And that's part of it. Father, we call
an end to it. I call for Claudia to be
removed.
Father, that they would put a good
government in Mexico for the
Mexican people.
That there'll be a good God-fearing
government, and Claudia will have her day
and she'll be removed just like this
Maduro.
Thank you, Lord, that
Claudia's
day is coming just like Maduro's,
and that you put a good government in
soon over Mexico.
And we believe, Father, that there'll be
great revival in Mexico from the top all
the way around. Father, we thank you,
Lord, that over Mexico, over all of
Venezuela and Cuba,
over—where's
the other place?
Right next to Venezuela.
Colombia.
Thank you, Lord, that you expose even
Colombia's government, that they don't
make no more coca plants
making coke. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we need revival all throughout
South America.
That's what we're expecting, Lord. And
we believe we receive it,
that it would be such a major move
of your presence on those people
that, Father, they'll
never be the same. All we
know is they just need one second.
Just one little glimpse
of the glory. One impartation of the
glory on their lives and they'll never
be the same again.
Just like me.
One touch from Jesus will change your
life forever.
One word from God will change your life
forever.
One word from God,
one touch,
one fresh drink.
That's
the same over in Asia.
Father, you touch them, you
bring in the fire over them, Father,
that the greatest outpouring of the
Spirit of the Lord would happen in South
Korea
and it would spread like wildfire all
throughout all Asia in
Jesus'name.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that
China does not take Taiwan.
We put a bloodline around Taiwan in
Jesus'name.
And we say to those spirits of
communism and uprising over Taiwan: we
take authority over you in
Jesus'name.
We say you will not have Taiwan. You
will not bring it to
corruption and communism. China will not
take it. We will not allow it in the
spirit realm. We say, Xi Jinping, bow your
knee in Jesus'name. You go away. Go
back up there and even release your
people.
Taiwan will not have a communistic
government in
Jesus'name.
They will be free and they will have a
mighty move of the presence of God and
they will continue to be free from
communistic power like China
in Jesus'mighty name.
Do you believe that?
Do you believe it? I believe it.
We call protection over Taiwan today.
We call protection over Taiwan today in
Jesus'name.
We call a freedom over Cuba
today and over Costa Rica and all
the areas down there. Father, a major
move of God on these nations
over Africa and over—where
were
they genociding the people?
Nigeria.
Nigeria. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the genocide stops
of our brothers and sisters in Christ in
Nigeria. We call that down in
Jesus'name.
We call that Muslim
persecution to stop now in
Jesus'name,
the genocide
and the onslaught of the people being
murdered. We say it stops now in the
name of Jesus.
We call forth mighty warring angels to
go on our behalf. Father, we call them
in right now in Jesus'name, that the
angels of the Lord are going and
protecting our brothers and sisters in
Nigeria. And we say the genocide in the
Congo all the way around, we will not
have it. We'll not have it anymore.
And we say, "Angels of the Lord, war on our
behalf right now in Jesus'name"over the
African areas, all over those continents.
That
Putin—that
is
really cool.
It
was
a
very good guy. That was
really good. You all had a good idea.
Thank you, Lord.
He's playing poker, five-card draw.
That's actually really cool, buddy.
I like it.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord. Father, that war stops
in Ukraine. They'll have peace in
Jesus'name,
from Kyiv all the way down.
We call for peace in Ukraine in
Jesus'name.
We will not have a major draft.
We will not have a major war.
We won't have it. We call peace. Father,
we don't want our sons and daughters
losing their lives on the battlefield.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's
peace in Jesus'name. Father, I
know there's people saying the red horse
is riding right now, but I ask you to put
a tranquilizer in that red horse's butt.
Knock it out, Lord. We don't want it
right now. We want a revival.
We call forth revival. We
thank you, Lord, that
will all happen when we're not here.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it
happens
during the Great Tribulation. We're not
expecting that right now.
We want revival, Father, over our nation
in Jesus'name with the mighty move of the
Holy Ghost and fire.
We believe, we receive in
Jesus'name.
Great mighty presence of the Holy Ghost
and revival over this nation,
over Europe,
over Canada.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
this—now,
I know I see that again. Now, I
just saw something.
See, you just kind of till the ground
sometimes.
I saw British Columbia. I saw
the
volcano going off. It is
about to happen.
I've
seen it again right then.
It just came up and I saw
the volcano going off.
And it's so much so that it comes up out
of the ground. And you'll see
molten
lava and smoke and fire coming up out of
the water.
It looks like the water is
just boiling.
It will send so much ash into the air
that they'll have to stop the flights
going around that area.
March is highlighted before me. I see
March.
March is big. Now, what is this about
March? Greenland.
The
green
one.
Yep.
It's
Greenland.
Yep. I see Greenland.
They're going to take a vote.
I see a voting
of numbers
concerning whether they want, as
the people, to take a vote if they want
to join America
for
batteries.
It's about minerals. It's
about iron. There
are
deposits of
enrichments
in the soil. That's what he's after.
It's for the batteries.
I see a pit.
You know, like whenever you're seeing a mining,
I see a pit for mining. There's
something to do
with this.
It's the mining
and I see mining of enrichment and
Trump's after that.
And he's going to try
to—and
I see big yellow trucks. I
see these big yellow trucks and they're
full of this stuff. But is it cobalt? It's for
the batteries.
Enrichment and minerals. Enrichment of
minerals. I hear the thing: it's billions.
Enrichment and minerals. It's in the
land. And this is what
Trump's after.
It's not about national security. It's
about enriching America and making
America great again.
You don't have enough
to sustain
yourself. But
it's a security risk.
Strong-arm
to offer them more.
I see bribery
and they're being stubborn. The lady in
his eyes.
Now, is it right for them to call it
stubborn? But that's what I see.
Watch.
I see March.
I see March. Praying about the month of
March and it's cold.
And I see a dividing
of the people.
Half want to go, half don't.
The younger generation want to go,
the older don't.
You hear me?
The younger 20s
and
30s want to go.
The
60s, 70s, and 80s don't.
So the younger TikTok generation
says,
"What? We would
love to be a part of America.
Bring all your stuff into our
country."The
elders say we don't want—I see these
people like fish.
I see fish.
I
see scaly fish. It almost looks like
sushi.
Older way of thinking.
A fishing industry.
But the younger
generation—and
they have enough if they
vote this way.
It's almost like it's 50/50.
It weighs more in favor with the
noes
than the
ayes.
Okay.
I see the younger. There's not enough
votes.
There's more with the noes than there is
with the
ayes.
So the noes weigh heavy on this half
up here.
The ayes weigh in favor down closer.
But to extend.
Okay. So I see Rubio.
I see Trump negotiating
what kind of...
"you do this and we'll put this much
money in your bank
accounts."Stimulus,
a percentage of the wealth.
"You do this and we will give you
until you die
so much, like a retirement
account."Remember
this.
It's like so much in your account.
I hear we do this with
the
Alaska
stipends.
We do this with the oil wealth with
Alaska
giving
the people money.
I hear this.
"We'll give you part of the money from
your land until you're out
and stimulate your bank account with
what we do with
Alaska."I
see
a plea
with Greenland:
"we'll give you so much
money
to stimulate your bank account,"trying to
sway the elders.
It's thousands of dollars every year.
But it's for the minerals. It's
to get them to come.
That's interesting.
You just put that on a shelf and
pray about that. I see this:
the young people say, 'Yes, let's
go.'The
elders say, 'No,
not enough vote.'But to sway
them with
stipends—I
don't know how else to say it.
Am I even using
that word right? A stipend?
I see stipends being negotiated,
kind of like Social Security.
You paid into it, but this is
not like Social Security.
The only way I can
describe it is what I hear
happening:
we will do what I hear
Trump say—'We do it in Alaska, we will
do it for
you.'It
will help with the flow.
Isn't that interesting?
It was just as cold as a stove,
and then all of a sudden I saw that
and that was really neat.
I saw their flag
joining up with our flag. They still had
their thing, and they joined
up with our stuff, and it was
starting to become part of America.
But there was so much resistance from
the elders,
the
older people.
I don't see that they will do
this;
it's just chatter.
You're going to hear a
lot of chatter concerning this, but I
don't see that they're going to
do this.
I see a lot of resistance
from
the elders,
and there's too many of them versus the
young.
It's enticing, though. This is like
$25,000 a year—big bucks
for some
to stimulate their household. They
could retire and go about
their business. In the
vision, there
were
stipends.
It's to grow and entice
the
economy. 'We
will
bring our American stores to your
shores
because it's
America.'You
understand?
They may already have this, folks.
This is what I
see:
a
stimulation of
life,
more modernizing.
But they want to
stay in their old ways of
thinking; they don't want the modern.
In
this, I see
Europe influencing them to say no.
The
EU
says
no. I see Macron;
he's big and loud, saying no.
The man over England
says, 'No, we don't want
this.'France,
Germany,
and
Italy
are
all the strongest voices.
This is like a strong-armed
peace
concerning Ukraine.
They
are
trying to use Greenland as a pawn piece
to negotiate with Ukraine.
But the
Greenland people don't
have anything to say;
there
are
so many corrupt people.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is
what I see, but I don't understand how.
This is just me
talking—don't
throw
eggs
at
me—but
how would Macron have
a say in how Greenland would be
able to do this?
How does the EU tell Greenland not
to? I'm trying to understand
this vision.
Macron
is
very loud,
and Europe and England
are
very loud concerning this.
Finland...
there's so much going on
with all these nations and
the
uprising. It's all
getting in line for
the
end.
But all he's after is minerals; I see
big bucks in minerals.
It's something in the
dirt—huge
mining
pits.
I don't know why
I
keep hearing
'cobalt.'It's
something in the ground.
He wants it for something
they're going to do in America to
back
the
dollar
and
make
it
stronger.
It's
the oil from Venezuela
and
the minerals up
here. It's like playing Monopoly.
Soon it will be Cuba. Remember this:
soon he'll take Cuba.
It's
too close to the USA. He
will set up
a proxy government,
all
beneficial to the United States
to grow
and help. It's like how
BRICS has an alliance.
You strong-arm people into an
alliance;
it's like a bully
in the schoolyard.
India, Brazil...
the BRICS
are
all part of it. He wants to create his own
BRICS
to keep backing the dollar and make it king. The
dollar
is
too
top-heavy
with
too much debt. We need to get this
to make America
great and stabilize
the dollar with oil, minerals, gold,
silver,
crypto, and
the
fishing industry.
You're about to see a major wealth
transfer in Israel
and the Mediterranean.
You'll hear more about
this to back
the United States being with Israel
in
Gaza.
It's gas rights, oil,
and
major wealth in Gaza. You're going
to hear about the development
of
Gaza and major
money underneath the
soil. The Lord God
Jehovah put that oil and gas
underneath that ground. Reserves beyond
anyone's
comprehension are under the
land of Israel and the Mediterranean.
I see 2027 highlighted
big
concerning
oil and gas.
We really need to pray for the
elections,
for the wealth transfer, and these things
I'm telling you.
I see
a
major blip
concerning November of this year;
it could derail the whole
thing.
We must pray
concerning November.
They'll set up a major base in
Venezuela—a
major Air Force and Army base like
they did in Iraq.
They've secured the oil wells.
I see our Army and our people securing
the oil wells so they don't blow them up
and destroy the economy.
Our men,
maybe
Marines,
are
protecting the oil wells of Venezuela
from
cartels.
Our Army guys with their
guns are watching over the oil
wells
in
their
fatigues.
This is going to spring forth a major
revival out of Venezuela.
It looks tropical
and
yellow, like
new spring flowers
starting
to come forth.
There's much corruption still there
in every layer of government,
but it will start to be weeded out a
little at a time.
They'll start to bring
revival.
Trump's administration will never change
everything;
it's
an
ideology—the
way you think
and
were raised.
It's like the Lord said:
Egypt had to get out of them.
Israel was free,
but they were still mentally bound by Egypt
for
40 years.
Freedom is freedom,
but
you can be free like a bird in a cage
and
not be free inside
if
you're used to bondage.
Because of the bondage
in
leadership, they go
back to this.
'You have a window for revival,
church,'is
what He just said to me.
You have a window of opportunity coming,
but they will go back to
this.
It
is
inbred with them.
Another man will rise up
and be a dictator just like the last
one. It
is
the way they think. They
will
have a group of people that want
to fight for freedom, but I see it
is a
corrupt government. It
is
corrupt.
So, I see a window of
opportunity for blessing and for
revival,
and people will be excited. You know what I'm
saying?
It
is
a bad way of thinking—stinking thinking.
That
is
disappointing
for them. I pray they get a hold of
this revival quickly.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for
your time tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that you showed us what
you did tonight. I am so grateful,
Father, every time you show me
something.
Thank you, Lord, that what you show
me, I see it so
clearly
in
Jesus'name.
Well, that was
different—a
lot longer than people will be fussing; two
hours and 40 minutes is way too
long of a video. But wait, watch the back
half; it was my favorite part. It
is
really cool. I love it when I see
in the Spirit. I just go, 'Okay, Lord,
that's cool.'I like to look over
there and see what is going to come.
He shows us that which is to come. Thank
you for joining me tonight. Thank you
for your time. I know it is late. God
bless you all. If you could like,
subscribe, and click all the things you can
to help me,
it really does help my family. It helps
with the algorithm,
and it really does bless us. We
are
getting the gospel out one soul at
a time, folks. I know we have got a
lot of work to do still,
but every single time you show up, thank
you for being here and praying with us.
It really truly blesses us.
I pray that video blessed you. Like I
said, the first half was really
different, but that last couple of
minutes there—how long did that last? I was
seeing
over like that for about 20 minutes.
Isn't it amazing? It is like
touching a cold stove; I didn't see anything,
and then
all of a sudden, boom. And I
started seeing about Greenland.
I was like, 'What in the world is
that?'And
then boom, boom, boom. He
starts
showing me this.
He gives me pieces
whenever he is ready.
So, God bless y'all. Put a smile on your
face
and a song in your heart.
We love you, and Jesus loves you. We
will
see you again
soon—probably
tomorrow, more than likely. God bless
y'all. Good night. Bye-bye.